[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
This will be destroyed,
and quickly.
We'll rebuild it from scratch,
but with a new king...
...like me!
Citizens of Fishman Island!
The old Ryugu Kingdom
has worn out its welcome.
Time to say goodbye!
In three hours,
at the Conchcorde Plaza,
the weak and incompetent King
Neptune will be put to death!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
Straw Hat, I know you're there.
I have something that
may be of interest to you.
As you watch from
wherever you are,
I want you to know that
this is just the beginning
of my revenge for what
you did to Arlong. Enjoy.
Aw, man! He even captured Zoro?
Why'd we leave them alone?
But still, all three?
[BROOK, USOPP]
It's water!
[HORDY] By the time we
finish the King's execution,
that room will be
completely flooded.
[HORDY] You lowly
humans can't survive that,
if I'm not mistaken. Too bad.
[LUFFY] Hey, shark!
Take me back to the palace!
Sha!
[JIMBEI]
Luffy! I told you to wait!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[JIMBEI]
You don't get it.
You people have no
business fighting Hordy!
You're wrong! Not when
my crew's in trouble!
It's not that I don't trust you,
but this fight is
personal for me, too.
Such a stubborn fool!
Would you shut up already?
If you don't want me
to go, then stop me.
[JIMBEI]
Since we were allies before,
I had hoped that you
would honor my request.
How easily I forget who you are.
Hard-headedness truly
does run in your family.
Stand down, Luffy...
...or else.
[LUFFY] "A Rift Opens Up!
Luffy vs. Jimbei!"
Have I told you
what people called me?
I was "The Submarine
of the East Blue"!
That's 'cause I could swim an
82-foot pool in no time at all!
[BROOK laughs]
Eighty-two feet?
I could run over
a pool that tiny.
That's one advantage to being
a skeleton. I'm light as air!
[USOPP]
Y'know what?
We should have a race
one of these days
to see which one
of us is faster!
Anytime you're in
the mood to lose,
I'll be more than happy
to let you eat my dust!
[USOPP, BROOK laughing]
[BROOK] That is,
if we ever get out of here!
[USOPP] Yeah, this is
not looking good for us!
[BROOK, USOPP shouting]
Shut up!
[USOPP, BROOK yelling]
Hey, how is it you can sit there
with your eyes closed
like nothing's going on?
Oh, I know! You must be coming
up with a plan to set us free!
Nope.
Ya couldn't have lied?
He'll be honest to the
bitter end. Wow. [laughs]
Everything'd be fine
if I had a sword.
I don't think that's true.
[BROOK]
Things have gotten bleak.
I didn't want to do this
in front of you, but so be it.
Uhh... do what exactly?
[BROOK chanting]
[BROOK]
Bone, bone, bone, bone...
Okay, Brook, you're really
starting to freak me out here!
...bone, bone, bone, bone...
Stop! That's enough!
[BROOK]
Bone!
Ka-Boom!
And I'm out!
[BROOK laughs]
[ZORO gasps]
[shrieks]
[BROOK]
Well, good luck, you guys!
[USOPP]
Wait a damn second!
[BROOK]
Huh?
You're just gonna leave
without explaining or anything?
Since when have you been able to
do something like
this freaky crap?
[BROOK] What? You mean
make my soul leave my body?
Yeah, I thought only real
dead people did that.
It's a new trick.
I was surprised.
It first happened on my
world tour as Soul King.
Quite suddenly.
During that time, I had
fallen into a dreadful slump.
The sales of my TDs and concert
tickets were on the decline.
I wasn't sure what I should
do to stay relevant.
Bummer. Today's show wasn't
groovy at all, was it?
Hate to say it, but I liked
his old music better.
It's like I don't
feel his soul anymore!
What the hell's
happening to you, Brook?
If you don't write a song that
sells, I'm cuttin' you loose!
I'm trying, I promise,
but it's not that easy.
Music isn't something
you simply throw together.
Maybe I'm forsaken
and the god of music doesn't
smile upon me anymore.
I beg of you!
Let me write one last good song!
Oh, please!
Bless me! God of music!
Grant me a melody
that will shake
all who hear it to their souls!
Please!
[BROOK gagging]
[BROOK]
Ka-Boom!
[screams]
What's going on?!
[chuckles] It was frightening at
first, but it really helped.
With this new ability
came an epiphany.
I finally realized
what was missing
from my music and how
to get out of my slump!
Which was?
[BROOK]
Uh...
Well...
...it's actually pretty obvious
when you think about it.
If a man can go
anywhere undetected,
there's one thing he's
going to go looking for!
He's so lucky, Zoro!
Why can't I be dead like he is?
Really?
Hey!
The water's gotten so high,
soon you will be dead like me!
[USOPP] You just had to
remind me, didn't you?
Hurry up and do something!
[CAMIE] Please, you two!
Try to calm down!
Luffy! Jimbei!
This is no time for you guys
to act like you're
going to kill each other!
[LUFFY] Get outta my way.
I gotta go save my friends!
And when I'm done,
I'm kicking Hordy's ass!
[JIMBEI] I told you not to get
involved with him, Luffy!
Whoa, hey! Surely there's
a better way to work this out.
Yeah, stop it, both of you!
Luffy, please! I don't
want my friends to fight!
Shark! Let's go!
Get me back to the palace!
Shaa!
You'll have to go
through me first!
All right, fine by me!
Fishman Karate!
The Shark Brick Fist!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY yells]
What?
Oh, no!
[CHOPPER yells]
That looks bad!
[LUFFY groaning]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[LUFFY coughs]
[LUFFY]
Th-That hurt!
What, no way!
He's made of rubber.
Attacks like that
shouldn't even work on him!
But this is Fishman Karate--
a form based on
manipulating water.
I can send shockwaves
through vapor in the air
until they finally
find my target's body.
Seeing as every living
creature is made up of water,
not even a rubber man
can escape the impact!
Bring it!
[JIMBEI grunts]
You shall not pass, Luffy!
Second Gear!
Now Gum-Gum...
...Jet Stamp!
[JIMBEI groans]
[LUFFY grunts, gasps]
After so much training, don't
tell me that's all you've got.
Not a chance!
Enough of that.
[JIMBEI, LUFFY gasp]
[NAMI, CHOPPER]
Robin!
[SHIRAHOSHI, CAMIE gasp]
You're back!
Hey! Get out of the way! Now!
Move it! You'll die!
[SANJI]
Don't worry!
I'll save you!
[SANJI groaning]
[JIMBEI groans]
[LUFFY groans]
There's no need to fight.
I'm sure you both
have your reasons,
but you're friends, right?
Wait! You mean Robin's been
in the forest this entire time?!
Take this!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groan]
[yelling]
Give it up already, all right?
You guys don't stand
a chance against us!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Heh, heh. Are you crazy?
What, did you not see Boss
Hordy's broadcast before?
This country's gonna burn
and Neptune is gonna die!
[FISHMEN grunt]
Why, you!
--[FUKABOSHI] Stop!
--[ALL gasp]
Spare them their lives.
If you do not, you will
be no better than they are!
[FISHMAN A]
But... But sir!
[FUKABOSHI] Ryuboshi, Manboshi,
take them into custody.
Count on me-re-do!
Same here!
[DOSUN]
Heh.
[FUKABOSHI grunts]
[DOSUN] I see you're
as weak-willed as ever.
But I guess that
yellowbelly of yours
does run in the royal
family, doesn't it?
How dare you.
It was reprehensible
to harm humans,
now you assault your own kind?
Does your heart
not weep in regret?
Of course it doesn't, because
any Fishman who willingly sides
with humans deserves
nothing less than execution!
So why don't we start
with you, Fukaboshi?
[gasps]
[FUKABOSHI]
Have it your way, then!
[DOSUN groans]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES grunting]
Dammit!
How'd we lose?
[FISHMEN laughing]
[FISHMAN B]
Yeah!
I never doubted the three
royal brothers for a second!
[FISHWOMAN A]
Thank you, Prince Fukaboshi!
M'lord, please
leave the rest to us.
Much appreciated.
We must hurry to
Conchcorde Plaza
in order to prevent
our father's execution.
[MANBOSHI grunts]
[RYUBOSHI]
Mm.
All right.
Let's go!
[HORDY] Well, it's about time
we got this show underway.
Do ya want some of us to stay
and protect the palace while
you're gone, Boss Hordy?
No need. What?
Don't you remember?
No one else can get
through the palace gate.
We'll station
a handful of men here
to make sure someone's around
to open it when I return.
After all, you can't
lock out the new king!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES laughing]
That'd be a shame!
[NEPTUNE]
More like nonsense!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEPTUNE] You will
never be respected as king
if you rule through violence.
Huh.
Is that really what you
want your last words to be?
I'd have gone for
something stronger.
[HORDY groans]
My scar, it's burning.
I can't believe that
stupid human swordsman
actually managed to cut me.
It's wearing off.
Hey, it's time for my next dose.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
Right.
[HORDY chuckles]
Now I feel as good as new!
Isn't it dangerous
takin' that much at once?
I thought so.
Hey, Captain?
Whadda we do with the three
Straw Hats we captured?
[HORDY]
Nothing. They're just humans.
They'll drown if left alone.
And the palace is secure,
so no one will be able to rescue
them regardless of who comes.
Forget 'em.
Now, what's the current
status of the residents
from the Fishman District
that we recruited today?
They're doing just fine.
In fact, they should be
makin' their move as we speak.
[HORDY]
Heh, heh.
That's good.
Pretty soon they'll
be out of the slums.
Seeing as once
all of the traitors
have left or been killed...
...there'll be plenty
of houses on the market.
Then our country will finally be
united in its hatred for
the pathetic human race.
[HORDY chuckles]
I think I found it, guys!
A bright ray of hope!
Listen, those Fishmen we were
dealing with earlier have left,
so the palace is
completely empty!
Or rather, it would be if they
hadn't left Pappagu behind!
That's awesome, Brook!
Now we just need to ask Pappagu
to find the key to gets
us out of these chains!
I guess we need the one
to unlock this cage, too.
[ZORO]
Don't be an idiot.
[USOPP]
Eh?
[ZORO]
Just find one of my swords.
That's all we really
need to escape.
I'll cut anything in my way.
Yeah, that's all
you ever wanna do!
All right, I'm off to
search for Pappagu!
[BROOK laughs]
[PAPPAGU whimpering]
I am freaking out!
Why did this have to happen?
"Come have a banquet,"
they said, "it'll be fun!"
I hope the Straw Hats are okay.
[sighs]
[BROOK]
Pappagu.
[PAPPAGU gasps]
[BROOK chuckling]
Ahh...
--[BROOK laughing]
--[PAPPAGU whimpering]
[BROOK]
Pappagu.
I found you!
[BROOK]
Boom!
At last! [laughs]
[PAPPAGU screams]
[PAPPAGU]
A ghost!
[PAPPAGU yelling]
[BROOK]
Wait, my friend!
I hate this place!
Stop, Pappagu! I need your help!
Find the keys, please!
No, wait. The sword!
Yeah, yeah, go find the sword!
Go away! I don't know
what you're talking about!
[BROOK] You would if you'd
just listen to me! Wait!
[LUFFY panting]
[JIMBEI panting]
Are you guys okay?
Need a doctor?
Think, Luffy.
Have you considered
what will happen
if you resort to violence
while on Fishman Island?
Every time my people
have tried to reach out
and open their hearts
to humans, they have been
met with nothing but
disappointment and prejudice.
"Humans like to make us suffer."
"Humans hate Fishmen!
They look down on us."
Don't you see?
This is what our citizens have
come to believe because of
the horrible things that
have happened in our past.
And Arlong is a perfect example.
The people here believe that
the humans hunted him when
he went to the surface solely
because he was a Fishman.
And now you, the people who
suppressed Arlong, are here.
What will the islanders think
if you crush Hordy as well?
Misguided though he may be,
Hordy's aim is to fight
against persecution.
So even if it saves us from
this crisis in the long run,
if they see a group
of humans attacking him,
it will only solidify
the idea that things
will never change between us!
Oh, well. That's too bad.
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
[SANJI] You're crazy if you
think we won't rescue our crew.
And unless we
do something soon,
Hordy's going to take
over the whole island.
And that's a problem,
'cause we have a lot
of friends that live here...
...like Hachi.
[SANJI] You've kept pretty quiet
about who banged you up so bad.
But now that I think about it,
you mentioned before that Hordy
attacks any Fishman that
sympathizes with humans.
So...
...I guess the reason
you're in that sorry state is
'cause you spoke up
for us, right?
[HACHI groans]
Why?
Hachin, is that true?
Hordy did this to you?
[groans] I can't say.
[SANJI]
Jimbei, with all that in mind,
I'm pretty sure Luffy
wants to fight so bad
because this is your home, too.
When our captain's back
was against the wall,
you were the one who
was there to help him.
[SANJI] For that, there's
no way we'll ever be able
to thank you enough.
But if Luffy wants to fight,
we'll fight with him,
whatever it takes.
We won't be able to leave
the island like this.
We can't turn a blind eye.
There's too much at stake.
[SANJI]
We're taking a stand...
...because Camie's here!
[SANJI giggling]
[SANJI]
And Shirahoshi, too!
[SANJI giggles]
See? This island is the mermaid
paradise I've always dreamed of!
[sighs]
Get outta my way, Jimbei.
I won't let you
keep me here anymore.
Let me handle it. You stay put.
Shut up!
Sanji said all that cool stuff
and you still wanna fight?!
If that is what it takes
to make you listen to me, yes!
[LUFFY]
What did you say?!
[NAMI]
Ugh, knock it off!
[NARRATOR]
Neptune's execution draws nigh,
but Luffy and Jimbei have yet
to settle their differences.
As the New Fishman Pirates
spread across the island,
it seems that they
have won the battle
without a hit of resistance.
But Hordy himself
is experiencing
a strange side effect
of the energy steroids
as his body undergoes
a horrifying transformation.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Something Has
Happened to Hordy!
The True Power
of the Evil Drug!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!